
---
title: "Ship30for30 Day 16 - What's better than 'no'?"
description: "Ship30for30 Day 16 - What's better than 'no'?"
date: 2021-03-02
draft: false
---

What's better than "no"?
Verb-led questions are great for getting a yes, no, or maybe.  

What if we want more than yes, no, or maybe?  

Interrogative-led questions give the other person a chance to provide more information. These are questions starting with: Who, what, when, where, why, how, or which. Typically, these questions require in-depth answers beyond yes, no, or maybe.  

These questions help us help the other person process and clarify their thoughts and intentions by providing a safe space, and by being interested in understanding their views and problems.   

A few examples of interrogative-led questions:  
* When did the problem start?
* What's important about this date?
* What challenges are you facing?

Open questions help us to better understand the vision and goals of other people; instead of convincing someone to accept our ideas and goals, questions allow us to find their current place, then work together toward a solution, and they reveal new information. 

A few quick questions tips:  
* Don't ask a question, then clarify the question.  This is a setup for problems.  Ask a question, then wait for an answer; use the answer from the question to create the next question.
* Don't ask several questions in a row.
* Don't answer your own question.
* Be careful with "why" questions. Why questions can feel accusatory and cast blame if not executed well.  I say stay away unless there is not a different framing.  
  
What's better than "No"? Gaining more information and understanding of the other person to reach a shared understanding and goal.  
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/hippiebikeracer/status/1366765547334103043?s=20)







