---
title: "Ship30for30 Day 23 - Be So Good They Can't Ignore You"
description: "Ship30for30 Day 23 - Be So Good They Can't Ignore You"
date: 2021-03-09
draft: False
---
**Be So Good They Can't Ignore You**  
Steve Martin said, "Be So Good They Can't Ignore You."  

Such a simple, complex, and inspiring idea.  How does one become that good?  

Greatness isn't showing up for work, life, etc, and performing above slightly above the ability of those around you until hitting the ceiling of your current skills.  

To be someone that can't be ignored requires:  

1. A Goal  

We can't be great and renowned for everything. To be someone well-known we have to pick a singular goal.  

2. Ruthless analysis of your craft  

To be great requires ruthlessly tearing apart what worked, what didn't work, and what to change next time to move toward your goal. Analysis requires putting the ego aside to determine what works and how to sharpen that uniqueness. That might be listening to performance recordings, looking at social media analytics, or what your craft requires.  

3. Focus  

There can be no wandering.  No multiple goals.  The goal has to be the singular focus.  Everything has to be built around advancing your skills and craft toward the goal.  The goal needs to be realistic and not something easily obtained.  

There are things we can be great at if we choose a path. We could be great artists, musicians, writers, teachers, leaders, or countless other things.  

It's a matter of what I am willing to put aside for this goal, can I focus on the goal, and can I put my ego aside to do the work?  

What is the thing that you are working to be great at?  


[Twitter](https://twitter.com/hippiebikeracer/status/1369302156826796044?s=20)