
---
title: "Ship30for30 Day 19 - Influential people in life"
description: "Ship30for30 Day 19 - Influential people in life"
date: 2021-03-05
draft: true
---
Influential people in life
I've met several people, who have directly influenced the course of my life -- many positively, one extremely negatively. Several of these people have come through my life in the last several years and their kindness and empathy changed the direction of my life.  

There is one person in the last few years whose impact completely changed my life.  I'm not going to specifically name this person, because I don't want to violate their privacy.  

I can't put into words how the kindness, empathy, and support they provided, showed me how to be a better person, and opened up a huge world of possibilities, while I was struggling against a person who was extremely negatively influencing my life.

They taught me how kindness, and empathy, when paired with open communication can have a huge impact.  We can treat each other how they need to be treated, understand each other's issues, and problems while working toward a common goal.  It doesn't have to a win-lose situation, where the person in charge's goals and ego is the most important thing.  

We all can learn, improve, and get value from being kind and empathetic with our teams, partners, strangers, friends, etc.  

I'm immeasurably grateful for the support this person provided over the last few years, and for openly sharing their knowledge.  I can't say how things would have turned out without their support.   

I'd love for people to be able to pass on the gift I was given, by being open and empathic to those having a rough time.  We never know the impact of our words and actions, so try to make them positive. 



[Twitter]()