---
title: "Ship30for30 Day 1 - Who's on the other side?"
description: "My build process for Monica on AWS"
date: 2021-02-15
draft: false
---

**Who's on the other side of this conversation?**  

Most likely, there is another person on the other side of this conversation.  

They have their own life experiences.  

They have their own issues going on in their lives.  

They need and want different things from this conversation.   

How we approach a conversation, and how we treat the other people in the conversation affects not only the relationship but each person's life.  Each conversation adds to each person's life experience, adds or removes their self-confidence, and adds or removes from their self-worth.    

I'm the first to say that communication and conversations are hard.  I'm guilty of hurting people and relationships through bad conversations.  I've not listened deeply, jumped to assumptions, didn't manage my emotions, and responded with silence.   

We're all going to mess up.   

Some will be small mistakes, and others huge mistakes that damage relationships. It takes courage and empathy to repair a relationship damaged in a conversation.   

Oftentimes, it feels easier to walk away and stop engaging in the conversation.   

Maybe. . depending on the relationship, walking away is the best option.   

If the person on the other side of the conversation is someone you want in your life, then taking time to listen deeply, empathize with their concerns, and understanding how they need to be treated is invaluable.  Listening deeply and understanding how they need to be treated will build a shared experience for deeper conversations and more understanding.  

Twitter Link: [https://twitter.com/hippiebikeracer/status/1361376813100974090?s=20](https://twitter.com/hippiebikeracer/status/1361376813100974090?s=20)