
---
title: "Ship30for30 Day 26 - Five Books To Change Your Life"
description: "Ship30for30 Day 26 - Five Books To Change Your Life"
date: 2021-03-12
draft: true
---
**Five Books To Change Your Life**  
The five books I recommend, in no particular order:  

1. Getting More by Stuart Diamond

2. Start with No by Jim Camp

I'm grouping Stuart and Jim into one summary. Both books deserve pages of writing about them. Both authors effortless draw the reader into the world of negotiation and show how we negotiation every day. The fundamental skills are laid out in straightforward manners with in-depth stories to showcase the usage of the skills.  

3. It's Not All About "Me" by Robin Dreeke

This is the book that got me interested in communicating and relating to people in a more effective manner. Robin breaks down rapport easy action steps anyone can learn, on a Saturday morning. I carried this book and Influence by Cialdini along with me for every move across the country, and both had a place in my work bag to fill random downtime. 

4. The Gift of Fear by Gavin de Becker

Gavin does an amazing job talking through the value of fear and why we need to trust our fear. He shows us how fear in situations is our mind pointing out unconscious or ignore signals threatening our lives.  

5. Dune by Frank Herbert

Dune is a masterpiece of world-building. The book is big, slow, and intimidating; however, after a few chapters, it is hard to put down due to the depth and insight in the book.  

There are many amazing authors and books. I wish I had space to talk about all of them.  


[Twitter]()