
---
title: "Ship30for30 Day 8 - What builds credibility?"
description: "Ship30for30 Day 8 - What builds credibility?"
date: 2021-02-22
draft: false
---

**What builds credibility?**

When was the last time you were in a situation and wished for less credibility?

Probably never! 

Take a moment to think about how people answer these questions about you:

  Are you known and seen for your knowledge, experience, and confidence in a subject?

  Would people say you are fair, concerned about them, consistent from day to day, and answer to answer?

  Are you dynamic, active, positive, and enthusiastic?

  Are you predictable, open, and honest?

Credibility is how people perceive you in four areas: competence, character, dynamism, and trust. The four questions above showcase the core ideals of competence, character, dynamism, and trust encompass.  Credibility takes each one of these traits; if one trait is weak or inconsistent, then credibility hasn't been built yet. 

Trust is the key to credibility.  Damaging the trust in a relationship, damages credibility, not only, in the one damaged relationship but with other relationships.

One of the best methods to rebuild credibility and trust is to acknowledge and accept the misstep with the people involved and commit to them that you will do better -- in other words apologize.

Trust and credibility take care and feeding to keep alive; they require honesty to admit a lack of knowledge, and courage to give from ourselves, and the courage to treat people how they want to be treated.

If your credibility is less than desired, what can you do right now to improve a relationship and credibility?
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/hippiebikeracer/status/1363874662619500547?s=20)


